Encourage no token mentions + generic project description (#1263)
w3f/Grants-Program: README.md

- All code produced as part of a grant must be **open-sourced**, and it must also not rely on closed-source software for full functionality. We prefer Apache 2.0, but GPLv3, MIT or Unlicense are also acceptable.
- We do not award grants for projects that have been the object of a successful token sale.

> - Applications must not mention a specific token. Furthermore, the focus of the application should lie on the software that is being implemented/research being carried out as part of the grant, and less on your project/venture/operation. For the purpose of the application, please think of your project as just one of many that may integrate your open-source implementation.

Reviewer: I would remove: "For the purpose of the application, please think of your project as just one of many that may integrate your open-source implementation." Otherwise, it looks good.

> - Applications must not mention a specific token. Furthermore, the focus of the application should lie on the software that is being implemented/research being carried out as part of the grant, and less on your project/venture/operation. For the purpose of the application, please think of your project as just one of many that may integrate your open-source implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Applications must not mention a specific token. Furthermore, the focus of the application should lie on the software that is being implemented/research being carried out as part of the grant, and less on your project/venture/operation. For the purpose of the application and delivery, think of how others might also benefit from your work.
```

Maybe like that?

Reviewer 3: I would propose a minor change: "For the purpose of the application and delivery, think ~~of~~ **about** how others might also benefit from your work."

Reviewer 2: Thanks, I changed my suggestion accordingly.
